# The Battle of Neighborhoods

The objective of this project is to create a way for a Real State Agency to select the best region of Greater London to offer their clients. The idea is to determine the regions with the greater concentration of venues of each category that can be found in Foursquare (which are 'Arts & Entertainment', 'College & University', 'Food', 'Nightlife Spot', 'Outdoors & Recreation', 'Professional & Other Places', 'Residence', 'Shop & Service', and 'Travel & Transport'). This way, the agency can adapt their offers of residence to rent to match the interests of specific clients, depending on their priorities. Let's say, for example, that a couple wants to rent a flat in Greater London, and that this couple greatly values visits to museums and the like as a form of leisure. With knowledge about the regions where "Art & Entertainment" venues are more concentrated, the agency can suggest flats in these regions for the couple. In a similar way, a client might value spending their leisure time in parks and other outdoor venues. Then the Real State Agency can accommodate his desire by suggesting a flat located in a region of high concentration of "Outdoors & Recreation" venues. So the stakeholders here are Real State Agencies in the area of Greater London, and the project will provide information to them that can help them better accommodate their clients' needs.

The main analysis will consist of plotting 2d histograms of the venues, grouped by category. The recommended places to rent will be those with higher density of the desired venue.
